Add API documentation for 'Get project' and 'List projects' endpoints (#737)
playcanvas/developer.playcanvas.com: docs/user-manual/api/project-list.md

---
title: Projects - List projects
---

## Route URL

```none
GET https://playcanvas.com/api/users/:userId/projects
```

## Description

> Lists all projects that a user has access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve all PlayCanvas projects to which the specified user has explicit access. Use it to enumerate every project where that user has either read, write or admin rights.
```
